{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12160\viewh11640\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Hi there. You must have clicked on the About link because you wanted to find out who I am, what my interests are and the vision I have for the world.\
\
Truth be told, I\'92m not too sure if the ensuing passages will be a satisfactory answer. \
\
For as I am writing this I am myself learning about myself as much as you are learning about me. Yet it is precisely this ambiguity of thought that had driven me to create this website in the first place.\
\
At a glance, yes, it is about photography. It is about the art and the technique of photography as well as the poetry and the science of photography. \
\
Simultaneously however it is also about a little mystery called Time.\
\
Both you and I and countless others, we have this uniquely human capacity to distinguish the past from the present, and from here ponder upon the future that is to become. Yet this perfect contrast between the past, present and future is also ambiguous in nature. \
\
Just ask your parents what kind of a baby you were when you were four years of age. You are bound to receive two different, most likely conflicting account from them. And what of your own memory when you were four? No one can possibly in their sane mind, swear on the accuracy of their own memory as a four year old baby.\
\
And this doesn\'92t really get any better in our adult years. Our recollection may be greater in quantity and clarity, yet the problem of accuracy still persists. This is precisely why two parents\'92 recollection of their own child could be so different at times.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 And amidst all this ambiguity and fuzziness, somehow, photography had proven to be an anchor point that I can always go back to, both literally and figuratively. As long as I have a photo, I will always have an external reference through which I can validate my recollection of an event; it won\'92t paint the whole picture for me but at least I have the sketch lines in place to fill in the blanks.\
\
On the other hand, I say figuratively \
\
\
~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hi there. You must have clicked on the About link because you wanted to find out who I am, what my interests are and the vision I have for the world.\
\
Truth be told, I\'92m not too sure if the ensuing passages will be a satisfactory answer. A big part of why I created this website is to organise and catalogue my work, so that I can get a bird\'92s eye view of my own habits and tendencies. I like to think of it as a diary where the present-me is curating little parts of it bit by bit, and then at a late time I will be able to come back and flip through to revisit my own development.\
\
So yes, at a glance, it is about photography. It\'92s about the art and the technique of photography as well as the poetry and the science of photography. \
\
Yet ultimately it is about time, and the changes that happen through time. \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 For the vast majority of us, we were born with the same set of five senses: Sight, Hearing, Smell, Taste, and Touch.\
\
Yet how we choose to use them and what weight we assign to each of them varies from person to person.\
\
For me, I\'92ve grown to rely most heavily on sight to experience the world. And amongst the limitless ways in which you can experience the world through sight, photography has become the \
\
~~~~~~~~~~~\
\
I picked up a camera for the first time during the summer of 2008 during a trip to Hokkaido. And I haven\'92t put it down ever since.\
\
More than a decade, some 100,000+ pictures later, photography remains the one of the three most elusive things I have ever encountered in this life, the other two being people and food.\
\
And that\'92s not because photography itself is anything mysterious or elusive. Rather it\'92s because it just keeps pointing out new things and new pathways. It\'92s like the links on a wikipedia page. You went in looking to quench a trivial, passing curiosity about why the sky is blue, and before long you\'92re up all the way at 4:57AM reading about how humanity lost a millennium of progress because a monk in the 13th century had zero appreciation for calculus.\
\
Photography is exactly that for me. It started as just a reflexive gesture to record a family vacation, but soon snowballed into an endless rabbit hole of ideas, questions and curiosity that had not only persisted, but amplified to this day.\
\
It\'92s not that photography itself is mysterious or elusive. But rather it\'92s because photography is the world for me. It\'92s how I see and experience the world.}