{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 I picked up a camera for the first time during the summer of 2008 during a trip to Hokkaido. And I haven\'92t put it down ever since.\
\
More than a decade, some 100,000+ pictures later, photography remains the one of the three most elusive things I have ever encountered in this life, the other two being people and food.\
\
And that\'92s not because photography itself is anything mysterious or elusive. Rather it\'92s because it just keeps pointing out new things and new pathways. It\'92s like the links on a wikipedia page. You went in looking to quench a trivial, passing curiosity about why the sky is blue, and before long you\'92re up all the way at 4:57AM reading about how humanity lost a millennium of progress because a monk in the 13th century had zero appreciation for calculus.\
\
Photography is exactly that for me. It started as just a reflexive gesture to record a family vacation, but soon snowballed into an endless rabbit hole of ideas, questions and curiosity that had not only persisted, but amplified to this day.\
\
It\'92s not that photography itself is mysterious or elusive. But rather it\'92s because photography is the world for me. It\'92s how I see and experience the world.}